sdk/python/introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Introduction'
description: 'Get started with the LMNT Python SDK'
---

<Card title="Want to see the code?" icon="github" iconType='duotone' href="https://github.com/lmnt-com/lmnt-python">
  Check out our Python SDK Github repository!
</Card>

## Getting Started

### Pre-requisites
- Python 3.6 or higher

<Warning> The SDK may not install with Python 3.12. This is due to an issue with one of our dependency packages, `aiohttp`. 
Follow the issue [here](https://github.com/aio-libs/aiohttp/issues/7646). Use a different Python version if needed. </Warning> 

### Install the SDK
To install the latest version, enter the following command:
```bash
pip install -U lmnt
```

The SDK is now ready to use. The `Speech` class is your primary touch-point with the LMNT API. Import it as follows:
```python
from lmnt.api import Speech
```

### Authentication
You will need an API key to use our SDKs. Go to [https://app.lmnt.com](https://app.lmnt.com) to sign up for an account and get your API key.

## What's new
| Date | Description |
| -----|-------------|
| Nov 16, 2023 | v1.0.0. is out! A number of new features, including the ability to create, update, and delete voices has been added.|
| Sep 15, 2023 | `synthesize` now accepts a `length` parameter to adjust audio output duration to the specified length |

Commit message:

Update REST streaming to reflect server changes. Add changelog notes

sdk/python/introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Introduction'
description: 'Get started with the LMNT Python SDK'
---

<Card title="Want to see the code?" icon="github" iconType='duotone' href="https://github.com/lmnt-com/lmnt-python">
  Check out our Python SDK Github repository!
</Card>

## Getting Started

### Pre-requisites
- Python 3.6 or higher

<Warning> The SDK may not install with Python 3.12. This is due to an issue with one of our dependency packages, `aiohttp`. 
Follow the issue [here](https://github.com/aio-libs/aiohttp/issues/7646). Use a different Python version if needed. </Warning> 

### Install the SDK
To install the latest version, enter the following command:
```bash
pip install -U lmnt
```

The SDK is now ready to use. The `Speech` class is your primary touch-point with the LMNT API. Import it as follows:
```python
from lmnt.api import Speech
```

### Authentication
You will need an API key to use our SDKs. Go to [https://app.lmnt.com](https://app.lmnt.com) to sign up for an account and get your API key.

## What's new
| Date | Description |
| -----|-------------|
| Dec 23, 2023 | A bug was fixed in the REST API that caused the `durations` object in responses from `StreamingSynthesisConnection` to be inaccurate. The `durations` object now correctly reflects the duration of the audio data returned. |
| Nov 16, 2023 | v1.0.0. is out! A number of new features, including the ability to create, update, and delete voices has been added.|
| Sep 15, 2023 | `synthesize` now accepts a `length` parameter to adjust audio output duration to the specified length |
